Hey there, today we're going to talk about Winograd convolution! 
It's a super fast and efficient convolution algorithm that uses precomputed matrices to perform the convolution. 
Basically, it reduces the number of arithmetic operations required compared to other methods by taking advantage of polynomial evaluation properties. 
This algorithm is especially handy for small filter sizes and can be implemented really efficiently on parallel hardware architectures.

In general, the notation F m r represents a 1D convolution operation with a filter size of r and an output size of m. 
In two-dimensional space, this notation is extended to F m by n, r by s. 
which refers to a convolution operation with a filter size of r by s and an output size of m by n.

For example, F 2 2 is a convolution with input, kernel and output denoted by array x, g and y respectively.
And the typical computation is shown below.
There are 4 multiplications and 2 additions in total.
However, the total operations can be reduced by some simple transformation.
It's not hard to see that there are 3 multiplications and 3 additions to compute m1 m2 and m3.
And with other 2 additions to compute the final result.

It's not hard to extend F 2 2 to F 2 3
here is the matrix representation, and its compact form.
where the m1 to m4 is list below.
well, it's not abvious how the later equation is derived from the previous one.
we will give a detail explain which not covered in origin paper.
think the result as a mutiplication of a constant value matrix named A, and a matrix form by m1 to m4 refer to M.
the captain M is essentially an element wise multiplication of the following two matrix.
where the left one is composed by elements of x.
which can be decomposed into the multiplication of a constant value matrix B and the vector x.
similarly, the right one is composed by elements of g.
which can be decomposed into the multiplication of a constant value matrix L and the kernel g.
put the above derivation together, we can get the compact form of F 2 3.

In the two dimensional case, the convolution can be viewed as a one dimensional convolution nested with itself. 
For example, if we take F two by two or three by three, its one-dimensional counterpart is F two three. 
We denote the input two-dimensional array as 'captain X' and the kernel as 'captain G'. 
The convolution is shown below. 
It is quite similar to the one-dimensional case, except that the 'captain M' elements are all arrays. 
For simplicity, let's denote x zero minus x two as 'captain r one' and g zero as 'captain s one'. 
Then, we can apply the same rule to m two to m four. 
Therefore, we get m i equals to r i star s i. 
This equation is actually a one-dimensional convolution, 
so it can be written in the following form, as we derived earlier.

A typical convolution layer uses a bank of filters and a mini-batch of images as inputs.
denote the mini-batch as X, and the kernel as G.
each image is composed of multiple channels.
on every channel, the convolution is performed independently.
as an example, let's denote the i-th image and c-th channel as X i c.
and the corresponding filter as G k c.
the convolution process is shown below.
denote the width and height of the filter as W f and H f respectively.
then convolution formula can be written as below.

A interesting fact is that the image convolution can be decomposed into a series small tiles operation.
